hello and welcome to model dads today
we're gonna be taking a look at a K
interactive realistic wood effects
booklet and range for old and weathered
wood acrylics that retail for nine euros
ninety five and thirteen twenty euros
respectively that's about seven pounds
ninety five or ten pounds fifty five aka
interact-as's ristic wood effects is a
glossy eighty-three page color soft
bound booklet the first in a series of
booklets aimed at improving your
painting skills and techniques as such
as the clever choice as all modelers
irrespective of period scale or theater
will likely find themselves painting
something wooden at one stage or the
other realistic wood effects consists of
fifteen Illustrated chapters via a range
of different authors that look at well
selected range of subjects that include
wooden tools boxes carts planks fences
boats and aircraft common to both
modelers and war gamers alike a range of
effects are covered from simple
weathering to chipped paint on land as
well as sea careful study of the useful
color photography including some of the
step-by-step walkthroughs illuminates
the stages you'll need to follow if you
want to achieve similar outcomes the
book is written with ak's products in
mind but other manufacturers our paints
are illustrated and it would have been
useful if the editor had ensured that
each of the respective authors provided
consistent information on the exact
colors used in some of the step-by-step
guides other reviewers have written
about the quality of the English
translation and whilst the text and
grammar are unacceptably poor in
sections it doesn't prevent you from
understanding the gist of what is
required
aka Interactive's two sets of acrylic
paint contains six bottles each and a
representative the warm and cold tones
characteristic of world wood these
paints intend to be applied using either
a brush or an airbrush and a water
soluble these two sets are comforted by
the normal weathering kit consisting of
two filters and a wash made specifically
for weathering wooden items following
one consists of freshly cut timber
wood base dark wood grain wood grain
furnished wood and weathered wood volume
two contains light gray middle gray
light gray Brown medium gray medium
brown and burnt umber ready through the
techniques outlined in realistic wood
effects and having
to the acrylics and the normals
encouraged me to experiment with a
number of a choke gauge and 15
millimeter buildings used in our recent
ham and jam demo game I'm far from an
expert painter but I was pleased with
the effects I was able to achieve
quickly and easily at this scale
including this airbrushed cabin brush
painted doors and timber frame building
and this work-in-progress a planked
bridge
whilst I tend to shy away from pain sets
I have to admit to find myself returning
to both these box sets because of the
convenience this range of complementary
colors presents I've always struggled to
paint wood convincingly and have been
pleased with the outcomes I've been able
to achieve with both sets informed by
the range of techniques covered in the
affordable realistic wood effects
booklet whilst the quality of the
grammar does detract from this
publication's potential the usefulness
of having such a compilation in one
place is undeniable recommended